[QIM-2] Add a `qml.math.state_to_density_matrix` for matrices and   `qml.math.partial_trace` to math module (#2569)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Quantum information module including: reduced density matrix functions for state vectors and density matrices.

Reviewer: Maybe make this a complete sentence, like:
```suggestion
* A new quantum information module is added. It includes a function for computing the reduced density matrix functions for state vectors and density matrices.
```
